## Project Instructions

This repository contains the necessary data and a Jupyter Notebook for the project.

### Execution Steps:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   Clone this repository or download the ZIP file and extract it to your desired location.

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/anbipa/BookRecommenderCT
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Project Folder:**
   Move to the project directory using the command line or file explorer.

   ```bash
   cd your-repository
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies (if applicable):**
   If there are any dependencies required for the project, make sure to install them. This might involve using `pip` or another package manager.

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Open the Jupyter Notebook:**
   Locate the Jupyter Notebook file with the extension `.ipynb`. Open it using Jupyter Notebook or Jupyter Lab.

   ```bash
   jupyter notebook finalNotebook.ipynb
   ```

5. **Execute the Code:**
   Once the Jupyter Notebook is open, execute the code cells as needed. You can run the entire notebook or execute cells individually.

6. **Review the Output:**
   Check the notebook for any output, visualizations, or results generated by the code.

### Additional Notes:

- Ensure that you have Python and Jupyter Notebook installed on your system.
- If encountering issues, refer to the project documentation or contact the project auhthors for support.

Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or need assistance.

---

Adjust the placeholders (like `your-username` and `your-repository`) with the actual values based on your GitHub repository.
